Add supported platform docs (#2116)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/about/supported-platforms.mdx

---
title: Supported Platforms
layout: DetailTechnical
---

Salt supports the latest, stable releases of all major browsers and platforms.

## Browser

Dependent on the minimum supported browsers of your application, you may need to provide your own polyfills.

| Chrome | Firefox | Edge  | Safari (macOS) | Safari (iOS) | IE                |
| ------ | ------- | ----- | -------------- | ------------ | ----------------- |
| >= 86  | >= 86   | >= 85 | >= 15.4        | >= 15.4      | Un-supported / 11 |

## React

> Salt supports the most recent, stable versions of React, as a minimum we support 16.4.0 but recommend the newest version that you application will support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Salt supports the most recent, stable versions of React, as a minimum we support 16.14.0 but recommend the newest version that your application will support.
```

Author: done
